Thank you for your
contribution
We are the future
world rulers
I knew it!
13 people will stay behind me
And 5 - you have no choice
but to follow the others
Men, all stand up!
Now the main goal is
only warfare
Everything else takes a back seat
Men, gather by the door!
We're going to build a barricade
Women, come to the heart
of the community, quickly!
You will take care of children,
patch up the wounded
Now you really only obey
your role
Forget everything that's
outside your role
I will use everything
that's been brought
Pocket knives, switchblades,
revolvers
We'll fill condoms with whiskey,
light them up, and throw them
We'll tie them up
with McGyver's tape
We'll tape their mouths shut.
They won't be able to say anything!
I have a piano -
You can play them unconscious with the piano!
Very good!
Everything went so well, right?!
We'll meet later
Discuss how to proceed
together...